everybody in the financial system is
waiting for this one thing March 2024
will be the biggest month in years and
today we're going to break down exactly
why you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you in today's video
the first thing I want to touch on is
bankruptcies you've seen them they're
always bankruptcies going on whether
it's an individual or a
corporation sometimes even a country but
right now it's very important to
understand how short the timeline is is
this is a big problem why because of the
cycle we are currently in they raised
interest rates to a point in which they
really can't handle this corporates
can't handle it and of course
individuals are heavily burdened that's
why we see the credit card usage at
all-time high student loans buy now pay
later and so on but the corporations are
where the big money is at the trillions
and trillions of dollars that are at
stake the first thing I want to show you
is that us bankruptcies jump 18% in 2023
amid High interest rates this is of
course expected I told you about this
simply because it's obvious when you
increase interest rates you would put
that additional burden on everybody but
you need to do that in order to slow
down inflation that was the purpose and
of course in that whole period of time
you hope that not too much damage is
done and of course what occurs here from
the business perspective is that they
have to borrow money and you would say
why they've got so much money why do
they need to borrow money they're a
billion dollar company most of these
companies rely on debt exclusively if
they didn't have access to debt they
would not be able to operate and that's
usually what occurs their credit line
tightens up to the point at which they
get choked out you got to understand
this if you've read the book uh about
Nike the founding of Nikey well it's
called shoe dogs and they were in a
circumstance in which they were were
making millions and millions and
millions of dollars but the demand was
so high that they couldn't produce
enough so they started borrowing money
and they said okay even though we're
going to make no money whatsoever no
profit whatsoever it eventually we'll
get to the point and we've seen many
other companies do this and it's a very
dangerous game because if the money
stops coming in or if the debt becomes
too expensive or you can't access that
debt the whole thing falls apart and
that's going on right now in 2024 but
fast forward just a couple months
because we move into March 2024 and
there are several things that will be
occurring and I did this just recently I
believe last week There's a video called
uh three game changers what happens here
in March 2024 is that we start to see a
few of these programs that they've put
in place expire and this the Federal
Reserve and as a result
the financial system is going to look
very different so right now there's a
lot of these strategies in order to make
sure that inflation comes down and that
the financial system is able to stand on
its two feet but things have certainly
changed third tallest tower in Los
Angeles sells for 45% less than last
purchase price as remote work and
interest rates drove down office values
now this happens to be La we could see
San Francisco similar actions taking
place commercial real state in most
places is a very bad thing to be
involved in uh that's my opinion and
well people would say hey let's just
take it and convert it into residential
real estate we need residential there's
a shortage of residential in a lot of
places maybe not in Downtown LA but we
need more residentials so hey this
perfect perfect idea however as we have
seen before I've covered on the channel
we have seen the fact that you can't
convert most of it okay the way that the
buildings are designed mind imagine this
like you know you have your own
particular unit there's only a window at
the end the plumbing is all in the
center of the building where the
elevators are you can't just bring
Plumbing across okay there's no way for
that to work and that's for a lot of
buildings not every building but
certainly that's the way for it is uh
for a lot of them it just doesn't work
or the cost doesn't make sense so it
would you know cost them the same amount
to just demolish it and start from
scratch and so this is this is the issue
you can't convert most of the buildings
those buildings are going to be empty
for a while and you have to expect that
okay 5 years 10 years down the road they
there would be more businesses more
buildings will be needed and this would
be okay but there's debt associated with
this now maybe we'll get lower interest
rates but that's not the case right now
and we can expect that unless there's
some catastrophic event that interest
rates at the end of
2024 would still be higher than where
they were like they're not going to be
at the
0% so we're going to still have elevated
interest rates and that means the
margins of these companies are going to
be squeezed borrowing costs are still
going to be higher that's what this
means okay that's the take-home here
you've seen bankruptcies before these
were uh things that have occurred in
recent history this is Right Aid they
seek bankruptcy protection instant pot
and Pyrex parent company files for
bankruptcy Imagine This
instant pot even recipe books made of
this thing instant pot by the way is not
just a pressure cooker they have like
all kind they have a whole product line
and what happened here well filing for
bankruptcy okay so just because they do
a lot of sales just because they make a
lot of Revenue doesn't mean at the end
of the day that they can exist what
about bird this those uh scooters that
everybody uh started going crazy about
well even the biggest company that had a
valuation I believe of something like 1
billion
billion well they can go bankrupt too so
we see that everywhere now I want to
take it to the next step I want to show
you what's going on with the Federal
Reserve what's jome power up to what
about my favorite Janet Yellen I'll
discuss that at the end with Yellen but
I want to show you something
first job openings still outnumbered
people looking for a job by a large
margin we are going to look at some
stats that say
things are fine and we'll look at Stats
that say things are not fine so what is
the picture well of course it's usually
the case a lot of gray area but there's
no question millions and millions of
jobs are open and ready for people to go
in the question is do people want them
well clearly not as they sit open
another thing by the way is the people
that have multiple
jobs um that number is at a record high
so we know that there is an issue there
clearly because people don't want to
necessarily work two jobs three jobs
four jobs usually that's not what people
do but here we go feny rates Staying
High this is this is hilarious I read
this three times okay fed sees rates
Staying High for some time with cuts
eyed in
2024 we're going to cut interest rates
and we're going to keep interest rates
high it's like they're not even
pretending ending anymore like what are
you talking about I guess what they're
saying is yeah they'll do a little bit
of cuts but it's still going to be
elevated from where I don't expect 0%
and yeah I do agree with that unless
there's some catastrophic event it's not
going to be down to 0% again this year
in 2024 well don't worry they'll get
there but that's the expectation I don't
know honestly at this point any
everything is up in the air but keep
that in
mind and then we have this Logan says
the FED should allow asset runoff as
reverse repo dwindles so shout outs to
everybody on my finance Friday class we
did a whole big download on this Logan
by the way is not a voting member of the
fomc at this time but she makes the case
here that they should slow the
quantitative tightening that they are
currently doing and right now what's
happening is as they're doing the
quantitative tightening
they're they're they're basically
letting their assets the uh mortgage
back Securities and the treasury
specifically they are letting that run
off okay they're basically just saying
as that matures we'll just let that go
and that's you know at any given week
There's a different number there let's
say it's you know 10 billion a week 20
whatever the case is okay but they want
that to slow down so we're at about 7
trillion and that's where they're going
to leave it I guess based on what
they're saying here here and the next
step there is the reverse repo
operations this is how they can Shore up
liquidity so the Federal Reserve does
this in order to shore up liquidity
there's apparently too much out there
and so this is what they're trying to do
they're trying to stop inflation and
those who say that the Federal Reserve
doesn't create inflation don't
understand how this works okay it's a
extremely complicated aspect however
once we know it then we realize that not
only do they create inflation they
acknowledge that they're they are
actively acknowledging it and if you
understand this the reverse repos and
the the whole world very complicated
convoluted world then you understand
they're trying to mop up all that
liquidity and it's a very difficult task
this is part of it and what they're
saying is let's slow down on this
quantitative tightening hold your horses
and then the reverse repos have a chance
like like right now reverse repos are
going down and in March 2024 it will be
at zero if it continues the same
Pace the btfp which I covered here on
this channel
before B btfp is the uh Bank term
funding program that's the emergency
program set up for those failing Banks
that's another aspect okay there are
three aspects um which I covered in the
previous video but you got to know that
that's March 2024 so you have all these
things put into place and now March 2024
uhoh that's coming fast real fast but
the Federal Reserve they're done talking
about a recession it's not coming up
anymore if you look at the meeting
minutes there they don't think a
recession is
coming even Janet Yellen yes that's
right treasury secretary Janet Yellen
celebrates a soft Landing she said that
what we're seeing now is I can describe
a soft landing and my hope is that it
will continue the path of the labor
market and the economy of inflation have
followed uh suggest that they follow
suggest that we've made good decisions
all right
great there has been a lot of pessimism
about the economy that's really proven
unwarranted a year ago most forecasters
believe that we would fall into a
recession obviously that hasn't happened
and that is true at this time they have
not admitted recession the economy when
you look at the jobs numbers when you
look at the u3 unemployment rate when
you look at their measures of inflation
look if we're going to take their
measurements doesn't really look that
bad does it and so they're going to go
based on that businesses are going to go
based on that and that's where we're at
what can we expect from this what can we
take from all this well we don't know
what's going to occur in March that's
important so those events will be key
but at this time the general observation
that we have is that we are going to go
into a shallow or no recession at all
this is them admitting it okay their
stats okay we're not going to go
recession soft Landing or none at all
the Federal Reserve begins to cut
interest rates quantitative tightening
starts to slow down and then eventually
they stop and they keep their balance
sheet where it is and we start to get an
acceleration of
inflation that of course is very good
very bullish for risk assets why you're
devaluing the currency and that happens
over and over again that is 2024 in a
nutshell as it stands
today something happens Banks start
collapsing major war breakout all bets
are off but that's where it is today if
you appreciate this information and the
detail that I cover it here right now
I'm not mening words I'm telling you
things like this how I was able to I
still get can't
anyway I I'm able to download this here
because of how many cycles I've studied
I've studied way too many way too many
at such level of depth that it's it's
unbelievable and all of that I'm trying
to bring to you my delivery isn't
perfect but I hope you do appreciate the
work that I do here and if you do hit
that thumbs up I want to thank you for
that and as always don't forget to come
back tomorrow because I'll bring you the
latest and greatest information if you
are in a pickle and if you want your
money situation resolved money pickle
Link in the description will help you
out with that they have cfps they have
fiduciaries and guess what totally free
they'll give you 45 minute call Totally
for free it's at the link below I've
gotten all good uh responses from the
people uh who have told me so far that
they went through and thought it was
great so Link in the description check
that out totally free and I'll see you
tomorrow take care